Welcome, in this video, we're going to move the "awesomejt" user
from the developers team into a new team. I'm currently logged into GitHub,
and I'm on the "my-organization-example" organization.
If I click on teams, I currently have a single team called developers.
I'm going to create a new team and call this team "Contributors";
and the description I'm going to use is "Read-only team for less trusted developers".
Then click, create team. While I'm here, I'm going to associate a repository,
so click on "Repositories". Type "web", which should bring up the website repository,
click on that, and I wish to leave "Read" as the permission for this repository.
Again, read allows team members to view or read this repository,
clone it, and also fork the repository.
Alright, let's head back over to team members. I'm going to add the "awesomejt" user.
And, at this point, I just have to type the first few letters of the username,
and since this user's already part of this organization
this match will show before anyone else on the general GitHub website.
Once I find my match, I'm going to select it, and this time,
since the "awesomejt" user is already a member of this organization,
the "awesomejt" user is directly added to the contributors team;
no invitation is required at this point.
Great, so now let's head back over to teams,
and "awesomejt", at this point, is a member of both contributors and developers.
Let's go over to developers; I need to remove "awesomejt" from developers,
so that he only remains in the "Contributors" team.
So, I'm going to go over to the gear dropdown, and then select "Remove from team".
GitHub will update and remove "awesomejt" from this team.
If I click on teams, I can see that "awesomejt" is still part of the contributors team.
I like setting up my organizations in a fashion like this, where I will have
a core team of developers, and then a team of contributors with different permissions.
Typically my trusted core developers I will give more permissions,
in this case read and write, and then contributors I will give less permissions,
in this case only read access.